# msc-project-source-code-files-24-25-gbassi02
msc-project-source-code-files-24-25-gbassi02 created by GitHub Classroom


- Setup Instructions

  git clone https://github.com/yourusername/palette-generator.git
cd palette-generator

- Install dependencies

  pip install -r requirements.txt


- Verify Python version
  This project has been tested with Python 3.8

- Running the Code

  Run the main script

  python src/main.py


- Enter input colours

  Provide two colours in RGB format (e.g., 255,0,0 for red).

- The script will normalise inputs and generate palettes using both RF and NN models.

- Exit the program

  Type quit when prompted for a colour input to end the program.

- Output

  Random Forest palette: the two input colours and the additional three    predicted colours generated by the RF model.

  Neural Network palette: the two input colours and the additional three  predicted colours generated by the NN model.

  The script will display visualisations of input colours and predicted palettes.

- Dependencies

  Key Python libraries:

  numpy
  pandas
  scikit-learn
  tensorflow or keras
  matplotlib

- Usage Guidelines

  Ensure the input RGB values are integers between 0 and 255.

  The models have been trained on palettes from COLOURlovers, so predictions may be more harmonious within this colour style.

  The visualisation function displays colours using normalised RGB values (0–1).

- Notes / Recommendations

  Future improvements could include a user interface for a more intuitive use and a tool for selecting input colours
